feat(stage.geoip): added support for custom lookups in mmdb file (#4206)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/loki.process.md

- geoip_autonomous_system_organization: GOOGLE-CLOUD-PLATFORM

#### GeoIP with custom fields example

> If the MMDB file used is enriched with custom data, e.g. private IP addresses as explained in [the Maxmind blog post](https://github.com/maxmind/mmdb-from-go-blogpost), then it can be extracted from the record using the `custom_lookups` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the MMDB file used is enriched with custom data, for example, private IP addresses as explained in [the Maxmind blog post](https://github.com/maxmind/mmdb-from-go-blogpost), then it can be extracted from the record using the `custom_lookups` attribute.
```
